Vasil features: add PlutusV2 support (#698)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed
- `PlutusScript` is now aware of which version of Plutus the script is for. The JSON representation has thus changed to reflect this and is not compatible with previously compatible JSON.

> 

Author: Should this be placed under the 2.0.0-alpha section? I'm not sure if the alpha section is preserved in later releases, or if we simply drop the `-alpha` suffix

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - `PlutusScript` is now aware of which version of Plutus the script is for. The JSON representation has thus changed to reflect this and is not compatible with previously compatible JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PlutusScript` is now aware of which version of Plutus the script is for. The JSON representation has thus changed to reflect this and is not compatible with older JSON format.
```
